# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Functions

* [`azure_key_vault::lookup`](#azure_key_vaultlookup)
* [`azure_key_vault::secret`](#azure_key_vaultsecret): Retrieves secrets from Azure's Key Vault.

## Functions

### <a name="azure_key_vaultlookup"></a>`azure_key_vault::lookup`

Type: Ruby 4.x API

The azure_key_vault::lookup function.

#### `azure_key_vault::lookup(Variant[String, Numeric] $secret_name, Struct[{vault_name => String, vault_api_version => String, metadata_api_version => String, confine_to_keys => Array[String], Optional[key_replacement_token] => String}] $options, Puppet::LookupContext $context)`

The azure_key_vault::lookup function.

Returns: `Any`

##### `secret_name`

Data type: `Variant[String, Numeric]`



##### `options`

Data type: `Struct[{vault_name => String, vault_api_version => String, metadata_api_version => String, confine_to_keys => Array[String], Optional[key_replacement_token] => String}]`



##### `context`

Data type: `Puppet::LookupContext`



### <a name="azure_key_vaultsecret"></a>`azure_key_vault::secret`

Type: Ruby 4.x API

Retrieves secrets from Azure's Key Vault.

#### `azure_key_vault::secret(String $vault_name, String $secret_name, Hash $api_versions_hash, Optional[String] $secret_version='', Optional[Hash] $identity={})`

Retrieves secrets from Azure's Key Vault.

Returns: `Sensitive[String]` Returns the secret as a String wrapped with the Sensitive data type.

##### `vault_name`

Data type: `String`

Name of the vault in your Azure subcription.

##### `secret_name`

Data type: `String`

Name of the secret to be retrieved.

##### `api_versions_hash`

Data type: `Hash`

A Hash of the exact versions of the metadata_api_version and vault_api_version to use.

##### `secret_version`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Default value: ''

The version of the secret you want to retrieve.  This parameter is optional and if not passed the default behavior is to retrieve the latest version.

##### `identity`

Data type: `Optional[Hash]`

Default value: {}

The identifier for the user-assigned managed identity that will provide access to the Key Vault.\
When absent, a system-assigned managed identity is expected to be in place and provide access.
When specified, it can have one of two forms, as in the below examples:\
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;{ client_id => 'fc34f09d-0f82-4a0f-8c3c-214dcd5d6fa3' }\
OR\
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;{ object_id => 'fc44f09d-0f42-4a0f-8c3c-214dcd0d6fa3' }\
Both the client ID and the object ID should be returned by Azure upon creating the user-assigned managed identity

